Better drag up/down icon in record structure

Automatically add > on pointer field name

Need better messagewhenafield name is duplicated, including instructions on how to fix

Warning on editing pointer constraints that it will affect all record types <list> in which it is used

Not reloading record after cxhange of ownership

Not showing public visibility -how to do it?

Bookmarkllet showsALL record types (including hidden)

Deletion dialogue not selecting allseelcted records

New selection while editing a smarty format, reverts to the previous (or first?) template, but Test shows the one you are editing

Rercord view on deleted record should report that it is deleted

Check if notifications wor; how to installmail client

Reminder date calendar icon, no result

Adding terms to vocab in relamarker mayaddtermsascocabs, not incurrent vocab

Possible problem trying to add a second record type constraint (person to publisher in Biblio manifestation)

Editing dropdown lsit does not always update when anew one is added

Need default value for relationship type on a relationship marker

Delete termswilldelete reserved terms if you areabl to delete anon-reserved term hierarchichally above them

Check that Layoutscan still be saved independently  

Check Smarty gives fields for records linked by a pointer

Fix title maskin FAIMS community server

Edit record: Check if updating the date field sets the changed flag withotu change of field

Remove Geo from initial fields in new record type - only title, summary, thumbnail

-tag doesn't work (?)

Additional separator types for CSV (currently only comma and tab), eg. slash, semi-colon

Default value for a termslist field does not work in a popup, but works in main record

Maybe possible to change record ownership without being a member of the group (source? target?)

Inport structure: only removes the record type selected but does not remove the other  record types imported

Sysidentification contains filepaths whichmay no longer apply when database is cloned

Make Layouts a separate pulldown

Align terminology: reltype, relmarker, resource, field type

Changedatabase structure to 1.2.0
Add automaticdatabase update script
Update crosswalk template files
Update coreDefinitions.txt, add bibliographic record types, place, gpx, map, events,
fixup biblio types Andrew did not do, Type filed in  Place is ?text
Add DOI to Organisation (ofr use as Publisher)
Do we really need Year (alternate) on Journal volume?)
Change default record visibility to Hidden (at least 3 SQL files))
Add a URL to each field which can be used eg. to point to a currency converter. This link 
will be displayed as a hyperlink next to the field. Link needs a label.
Chnagebugsymbol to Bug report
Fix take the tour

Installation: problem with creation of php.ini

People always want to call a record type by the first entity they think of of that type,
so they will define Collection as "Fred George Collection" (Ien, Una, ...)

Update help text for smarty reports

Update default report gneerated as new report

Check that URLs are not switched on for most record types (currently on for People)

Warning popup on selection of a text field suggesintg use of terms list, record pointer or relationship marker
(make this a fairly detailed help screen describing the optimal field types to use)

        "You've selected a TEXT field type. This type of field is suitable for unconstrained text, including names, 
        notes and descriptions which only occur once within a set of records. If a name eg. of a person, place or other
        attribute reoccurs frequently, please consider one of the alternatives below:
                
          Terms list: if the same text value is reused in many records eg. an attribute or categorisation of each entity, 
          use a terms list - you can create a hierarchy of terms and add codes and more detailed descriptions to each term.
          Term lists are generally good for categorisation or where there are a small set  of alternatives and one does not
          need to record much information about the alternatives.
          
          Record pointer: if you need to attach an attribute such as the name of a person, organisation, melody, work, document, 
          period, event, place, ship, structure, etc. consider treating each of these concepts as a separate entity, with its 
          own set of fields, and use a record pointer which links to one of these entities. This allows additional 
          information to be recorded about each entity.
          
          Relationship marker: Like record pointers, relationship markers allow values to be specified through linked entities,
          but in addition allow a temporal span, type of relationship, notes and interpretations to be specified. This is useful
          where there are many possible relationships eg. roles (as an alternative to a separate field for each role), or where 
          values are not permanent attributes eg. ownership, curation, location, sponsorship, membership, marriage.

Improve workflow for vocabularies and term definition, explain what level youareat and suggest naming conventions

Remove the tedious new field insert loop, insert directly

Better positioning of added fields at insertion point rather than down the bottom of the structure list

Don't allow delete of record types if they are used in any pointer or relationship marker field definition, 
or in record relationship constraints

Don't allow delete of terms if they are used in any terms list field definition, including relationship type or relationship constraints

In report output, only Query sorts correctly (not Selected or All on page). ? unfixable.

Sort of numeric field is not numeric

No sort on ID (may be available, but not in pulldown? Needs to be numeric)

Position cursor in middle of loop and in middle of IF (one works,one may be fixed)

Import CSV multiple columns to same field (repeat if possible, concatenate text, reject on single value fields)

Consistency ofg  Cancelbutton aslast button, or prefer just a hyperlink

Advanced (search) as hyperlink under search

Facetted search

Save Search should be foregrounded, eg. link under the search field

When Help is off in edit view, add help icons with popop

Edit: highlight fields in error, eg. required fields, fields required for title mask

Functions in title mask

Better editing of title mask - make it a memo field so you can see and edit the whole mask. 

Only require to read ONE record for title mask tree (actually, only needs structure)

Better  positioning of new definition button
Database import problems (revealed by addition of stored procedures)
    recDetails table missing:
        AER_projects
        hdb_ansel_information_managementcrb_
        boe
        ctod1_dairy_machinery
        katedacosta_romanmesopotamia
        petra_GAUK_trial
        uws_jsb_full
    doesn't yet support multiple triggers with same action time and event for one table
        AeRClone
        Alliance
        faims_demonstrator_1
        McCrabb_GandharanRelicInscriptions
        angkorepigraphy
        archaeology_standard_dig
        steve
        zagora3
        zagoraVS
        


1130 Cannot confirm
1216: Alwatyscomes out as Database owner/View anyone. Maybe should be owned by current user
1196: change to H3Sandpit database rather than IntroDB


1073, 1215, 1212, 1210: transfer to Artem
767: transfer to Vincent

Done: 1026, 1196,1193, 1190, 1187, 1138, 1130, 1128, 1100, 1079, 1047, 1046, 1029, 1200, 1201, 228, 
  776, 1207, 1069, 1211, 989, 987, 1209, 1208, 1207, 1205, 1200, 1070, 1118, 1112, 228,1081, 247,
  1055, 989, 951, 227,905,103, 110, 114, 920, 977, 987, 230, 949, 1072, 913, 927, 974, 911, 980, 984, 
  1039, 1035, 975, 921, 944, 910, 935, 926, 946, 948, 973, 969, 968, 962, 959, 942, 945, 943, 941, 
  936, 909, 904, 915, 1006, 983, 971, 916, 966, 964, 953, 955, 981
  
  see email about crosstabs testing mon 20th may 13 to Artem 
  
  28 - add 'query' as well as 'sort'
  
  736 = 305
  1032: add'structure import
  
  988 - rework
  1049: vocabs shoudl be alphabetic - check 
  
  1088 see 1087 
  
  Designer View: message appears behind top bar, and unreadable, when it detects that the database folder 
  is unwritable - this also stuffs up load of search so you don't get the navigationpanel - it is overwritten by the results panel
  We need more graceful failure and a better error message 


Edit record: Move image type pulldown away from current location
  confusingly like record type on within-record search popup, we don't want people changing it
  
Make upload filepaths in ulf table relative

Use gigitiser saved view zoom for map view for display of points ?

Aito-add stored procedures if they are missing from database

Require upload/selection of iconsfor new record types

Offer option to choose from default set of icons
Tie thumbnail and icon together in defualt set so you don't need to choose twice
Add URL to full library(ies) included in our icon library

Detect and report failure of thumbnailing service - currently fails silently

Queries which specify a term should automatically retreive on all child terms

Method for eliminating unused terms- show usage count (?), don't allow deletion if used by any enum field, including all members of a vocabulary used by an enum

Structure import: Make sure all members of a vocabulary are imported when you import an enum field definition which uses a vocabulary

Database schema listing: analyse record structures nand list:
    Pointere fields - target types, required, usage stats
    Relationship markers - taerget types, relationship types, required, usage stats
    
Data verification
    Records with missing required fields
    Records with missing recommended fields
    Records with multiple values in single value fields
    Records with fields not in structure for record type
    Pointers to non-existent records

Title mask: need to avoid blank mask when the Name/title field is deleted eg. warning before allowing exit from structure and pop up edit

Title mask: if none of the title mask fields have data, replace title with "No data entered for title fields in this record"

Edit record: warn before exit (after checking for required fields) if no title maskfields have been entered and allow user to return to edit form
    "You have not entered any data in the fields used to construct the record title (xxxx, xxxx, xxxx ...) which will leave this record with a blank title.
     This makes it very hard to identify records in search results. You probably need to edit the title mask or field requirements 
     (click link at top right of the edit form, edit the record type definition).
     At least one of the title mask fields should normally be a required field to avoid this situation"
     
Edit record: remove section at end allowing addition of non-standard fields (it is now so easy to add fields, and it doesn't workinany case on Mac Safari)

User profile: dump all my data: Add --routines to script which dumps the database

Search: Navigation panel is truncated to My Bookmarks section on iPad 

Add record should default  to current user, currently no user which causes potential problems

Add record: Need to be able to distinguish specific user from current user in URL parameters

Handle shapefiles on maps

Fuzzy dates on timeline: only shows start date, needs to show graduated range

No rollover on polygonsonmap

Thematic mapping of markers and polygons

Check if intermediate dates are lost in dateranges

Timeline/map: Checkbox - use time filter

Save collection: should clear records from collection

? doesn't show existing collections in Save Collection dialogue

Show asymbol for PDF, image, map etc. on record listing with attached files (particularly for multimedia)

Block PHP on Smarty, only allow if added as a function via file system

Move files directory outside web root - proxy through to icons and images

Edit record: Conditional form sections based on value of a terms list field

Import CSV with sub-records

Search: rollover of record title jsut gives ... record title. Show useful info.

Search: rolloverelsewhereon record should tell you to double click to edit

KML import problems

View record: should handle auto-inverse relation types

Eliminate relationship records from normal search results

Remove 'relationship' as default title in addition of relationships

Filter in situfileimport to  only recognise specified types, ormake warnings more user-friendly

Record relationships: 'Description' is actually Title, 'Notes' are actually Description

Search results: Ctrl-Select doesn't work on Mac FF

Not finding jsut-added term value in search

Lack of any rectypes in quick search when there are no records is confusing - need warning message

Need auto-thumbnaling for uploaded images

Add new aggregation - check aggregation concept code is 2-6

Record view: remove repeating label when the field repeats (currently one label for each value)

Index field combination to eliminate duplicates

Remove Tom's duplicate detection exceptrun as a batch action

Auto thumbnail PDFs

Copy record type

Copy previous record data to new record

Rotation of images

Need to be able to save levels query with filter even if no items of relevant type existsat present

Need to be able to control preference of multi record type pointers eg. to default to person rather than organisation (they are displayd in the order defined)

Unsavedrelationship warning popup: just have [OK] button to close/cancel

Invalid pointer check may pick up as invalid where the pointer points to the second record type rahte than the first

Link to edit the URL even if not shown by default (display the uRL if there is one)

Title mask: If you have a field called ID, [ID] gices you record ID, not the field



